Now let's take a look at a service that's currently in preview as of early 2019,
the IoT Things Graph.
The IoT Things Graph is a service that makes it easy to visually connect
different devices and web services to build the IoT applications.
So let's take a look at some of the features that IoT
Things Graph has as of early 2019.
Let's start by just taking a look at the basic features of IoT Things Graph.
The first is visual interface that will help build applications with IoT.
The next is the models that it provides to help us model out
how to interact with different IoT devices,
and then some tools that'll help us run these models at
the edge on local computing devices,
and finally some ability to monitor the applications that we're working with.
So let's briefly take a look at the first component, the visual interface.
Now this is just a screenshot of what the interface is currently looking like,
however I won't be doing any demos because this is
likely to change in the future.
But essentially what'll happen is you'll be able to construct
applications using a sort of drag and drop interface that you also
program in order to add the different components of,
such as the devices and the services that are going and working together.
Now in addition to this visual interface,
we also have the models, and the models will take a few different components.
They'll start with actions,
such as some ability to set the state of the device that we're working with.
In this case let's imagine this as a car and the states that
the car might have could be on or off,
is the engine running or is it not running?
Next up, we might have events that happen with that car,
so we could have an event that is turned on,
so the car was just turned on.
We could have another event that the car was just turned off,
and this sort of model can be built out for any devices that we have,
so that we can start to rely on this to get the basic structure
of our interactions with similar devices.
For example, if we're using Things Graph models,
we might start with a base model for a car,
maybe a generic car that doesn't have too many specific attributes that we need,
and then we can expand that from just the two attributes that
it has to maybe working for a sports model.
Now this model might carry those same two attributes over,
but it might add attributes of its own so that it
works better for the sports car.
We could do the same thing with maybe an electric car
where the two attributes are brought over,
but it adds in its own unique attributes in order just to make
sure it works better with that particular device.
Now this is all subject to change, given that the service is still in preview,
you'll probably see a lot of additional features as
the months and years wear on.
So let's go ahead and take a look at everything
we've done so far in this module.
We started off by looking at device- application interaction.
Now we looked at the Message Broker to see how messages were sent back and
forth between every device and application working in AWS IoT.
We also took at a look at the Device Shadow service to see how we
kept track of the state of different devices using Device Shadows
and the service that manages them.
We also looked at building and extending IoT applications.
We saw how we could use the AWS IoT button to speed up the
development of applications that just require us to use a
simple click to trigger some of them.
We also saw how we could use the Rules Engine to take a bunch of the
different information coming in from AWS IoT devices on AWS IoT topics
and process that to some external sources,
either by storing the data or taking other actions on it down the line,
in integrations both with AWS services and with third party applications.
And finally,
we took at the look at the IoT Things Graph and what it
represents for constructing the future of IoT applications in
a more efficient and visualized way.
So hopefully now you have a better understanding of a bunch of the
different components that go into collecting, storing, and processing information using AWS IoT.